c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\bin\Debug\interfas.exe.config
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\bin\Debug\interfas.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\bin\Debug\interfas.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\bin\Debug\capa1.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\bin\Debug\capa3.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\bin\Debug\capa2.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\bin\Debug\capa1.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\bin\Debug\capa3.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\bin\Debug\capa2.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\obj\Debug\interfas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\obj\Debug\interfas_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\obj\Debug\interfas.g.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\obj\Debug\interfas.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\obj\Debug\interfas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\obj\Debug\interfas.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\obj\Debug\interfas.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\obj\Debug\consulta.baml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\final\interfas\obj\Debug\consulta.g.cs
